processes/org-monthly-meetings/minutes/2019-07-Minutes.md, before:

# Organizers meeting minutes

**DATE:** 2019-07-11

**PARTICIPANTS:**
_In alphabetical order_

* @amaliacardenas
* @daverick
* @jmbriano
* @loriking
* @raquelalvear
* @saljuama


**LOCATION:**

ThoughtWorks

# Agenda

## Ongoing activities (xx')

|**Initiative**| Presented by |minutes|
|:------------|--------------|:--:|
|Specific workshops/Curriculum development|@loriking|x|
|Define process for selecting next hosts|@amaliacardenas|x|
|Codebar landing page. Explanation in 3 languages|@jmbriano|x|
|Adding collaborators board|@jmbriano|x|
|Pride Month|@daverick|x|
|Handbook for organisers|@amaliacardenas|x|
|Instagram account|@raquelalvear|x|
|Adding a community manager|@loriking|x|


## New initiatives (xx')

|**Initiative**| Presented by |minutes|
|:------------|--------------|:--:|
||||


# Ongoing initiatives

## Specific workshops/Curriculum development

**Owner:** @loriking

**Status:**


## Define process for selecting next hosts

**Owner:** @amaliacardenas

**Status:**


## Codebar landing page. Explanation in 3 languages

**Owner:** @jmbriano

**Status:**


## Adding collaborators board

**Owner:** @jmbriano

**Status:**


## Pride Month

**Owner:** @daverick

**Status:**


## Handbook for organisers

**Owner:** @amaliacardenas

**Status:**


## Instagram account

**Owner:** @raquelalvear

**Status:**


## Adding a community manager

**Owner:** @loriking

**Status:**



# New initiatives

## Initiative

**Owner:**

**Status:**

# Next monthly meeting

**Facilitator:** xxx

**Date:** August 2nd ?

Commit message:

Add some more initiatives
Co-Authored-By: David Ricordel <daverickinbcn@gmail.com>

processes/org-monthly-meetings/minutes/2019-07-Minutes.md, after:

# Organizers meeting minutes

**DATE:** 2019-07-11

**PARTICIPANTS:**
_In alphabetical order_

* @amaliacardenas
* @daverick
* @jmbriano
* @loriking
* @raquelalvear
* @saljuama


**LOCATION:**

ThoughtWorks

# Agenda

## Ongoing activities (xx')

|**Initiative**| Presented by |minutes|
|:------------|--------------|:--:|
|Specific workshops/Curriculum development|@loriking|x|
|Define process for selecting next hosts|@amaliacardenas|x|
|Codebar landing page. Explanation in 3 languages|@jmbriano|x|
|Adding collaborators board|@jmbriano|x|
|Pride Month|@daverick|x|
|Handbook for organisers|@amaliacardenas|x|
|Instagram account|@raquelalvear|x|
|Adding a community manager|@loriking|x|


## New initiatives (xx')

|**Initiative**| Presented by |minutes|
|:------------|--------------|:--:|
||||
|comunícate the minutes of our org meetings in the Bcn channel to promote interest in the org and have some initiative from our members|@daverick||
|a third meeting by month?|@daverick||
|a kit for coach so that they can explain to their coworker why coaching at codebar is super cool ( came from a chat with Alyssa from typeform to how to foment their employee to coach at codebar when it will be at typeform)|@daverick||
| BCN codebar role in building LGBTQIA + tech community|@daverick||
|Working with some student on making better the feedback from student to coach|@daverick with Edu||
|reuse TW Computing fondamental|@daverick||


# Ongoing initiatives

## Specific workshops/Curriculum development

**Owner:** @loriking

**Status:**


## Define process for selecting next hosts

**Owner:** @amaliacardenas

**Status:**


## Codebar landing page. Explanation in 3 languages

**Owner:** @jmbriano

**Status:**


## Adding collaborators board

**Owner:** @jmbriano

**Status:**


## Pride Month

**Owner:** @daverick

**Status:**


## Handbook for organisers

**Owner:** @amaliacardenas

**Status:**


## Instagram account

**Owner:** @raquelalvear

**Status:**


## Adding a community manager

**Owner:** @loriking

**Status:**



# New initiatives

## Initiative

**Owner:**

**Status:**

# Next monthly meeting

**Facilitator:** xxx

**Date:** August 2nd ?
