processes/onboarding-new-organizers/on-boarding-process.md, before:

# On-boarding a new organizer

## Contact London organizers
To onboard a new organizer, you need to contact the London team. Kimberley Cook helps oversee the Barcelona chapter. To reach her, you can send her a direct message through the slack channel. Below is a sample message that can be sent.

Hi Kimberley,

We have a new organizer joining the Barcelona team, can you please:

- add the new organizer as an admin on the codebar.io page
- grant access to the codebar/barcelona github repository
- add the new organizer to the barcelona@codebar.io email address
- set up a personal codebar email address for the new organizer

Below you will find the information needed to set up their account  

- email address:
- github handle:
- codebar personal email:

Thank you for your help!


## Grant access to internal communication and organizing channels
Add the new organizer to all of the following:

- Trello board
- #barcelona-org slack channel
- Codebar-BCN google calendar
- host rotation schedule http://bit.ly/2GMeteu

## Grant access to all social media accounts

**Twitter:**

We use tweetdeck to manage the codebarBCN twitter account. Make sure that you log in to tweetdeck. In the menu on the left hand side at the bottom you will see an "Accounts" tab, click on the accounts tab. Next click on the Manage team button. Scroll to the bottom, and you will see the option to add a team member. Type in the twitter account you want to add, and select authorize. After the person has been added, make sure you change their role to "admin".

**Facebook:**

You will need to be logged in to your facebook account. Next Go to the [codebar facebook page](http://bit.ly/2Vambc7). Select the settings menu located on the right hand side at the very bottom. Next select page roles(it is also located on the righthand side menu as an icon.) Type in the name or email address of the new organizer you want to add in the "Assign a New Page Role" field. Makes sure that you select the "Admin" role and then click Add.  

**Instagram:**

**Meetup:**

Before you start, make sure that the new organizer has joined the Barcelona Meetup page as a regular member. Login to your meetup account. Next go to the [codebar meetup page](https://www.meetup.com/Codebar-Barcelona/). Click on the "members" menu tab. Next select the "Customize member roles" option. After that click on "Co-organizer". You will see a list of the current co-organizers, click on the Add member button. Type in the name of the organizer you want to add, and click add.  

## Codebar Induction

We want new codebar organizers to feel welcome and to have a smooth on-boarding process. In the past, we did not have a formal method of on-boarding a new organizer. This made it frustrating and hard for new organizers to figure out how to contribute.

To fix this, we have been working on documenting every processes so that all organizers can understand each aspect of how we organize events in the codebar Barcelona chapter. We are trying to make the way we work more transparent and collaborative.

Even though we have documentation for many of our processes, we want to make the on-boarding of a new organizer even smoother for that person by walking them through the various aspects of the systems and procedures we have set up.

If possible schedule an in-person meeting with the new organizer and review the following:

- [How to prepare a workshop](https://github.com/codebar/barcelona/blob/master/processes/workshops-preparation/preparing-a-workshop.md)
- [How the host rotation document works](http://bit.ly/2Vambc7)
- [How the codebar Barcelona github repo is organized](https://github.com/codebar/barcelona)
- [How we run the monthly chapter meetings](https://github.com/codebar/barcelona/blob/master/processes/org-monthly-meetings/org-monthly-meetings.md)

Commit message:

Update onboarding with slack profile update

processes/onboarding-new-organizers/on-boarding-process.md, after:

# On-boarding a new organizer

## Contact London organizers
To onboard a new organizer, you need to contact the London team. Kimberley Cook helps oversee the Barcelona chapter. To reach her, you can send her a direct message through the slack channel. Below is a sample message that can be sent.

Hi Kimberley,

We have a new organizer joining the Barcelona team, can you please:

- add the new organizer as an admin on the codebar.io page
- grant access to the codebar/barcelona github repository
- add the new organizer to the barcelona@codebar.io email address
- set up a personal codebar email address for the new organizer

Below you will find the information needed to set up their account  

- email address:
- github handle:
- codebar personal email:

Thank you for your help!


## Grant access to internal communication and organizing channels
Add the new organizer to all of the following:

- Trello board
- #barcelona-org slack channel
- Codebar-BCN google calendar
- host rotation schedule http://bit.ly/2GMeteu

## Grant access to all social media accounts

**Twitter:**

We use tweetdeck to manage the codebarBCN twitter account. Make sure that you log in to tweetdeck. In the menu on the left hand side at the bottom you will see an "Accounts" tab, click on the accounts tab. Next click on the Manage team button. Scroll to the bottom, and you will see the option to add a team member. Type in the twitter account you want to add, and select authorize. After the person has been added, make sure you change their role to "admin".

**Facebook:**

You will need to be logged in to your facebook account. Next Go to the [codebar facebook page](http://bit.ly/2Vambc7). Select the settings menu located on the right hand side at the very bottom. Next select page roles(it is also located on the righthand side menu as an icon.) Type in the name or email address of the new organizer you want to add in the "Assign a New Page Role" field. Makes sure that you select the "Admin" role and then click Add.  

**Instagram:**

**Meetup:**

Before you start, make sure that the new organizer has joined the Barcelona Meetup page as a regular member. Login to your meetup account. Next go to the [codebar meetup page](https://www.meetup.com/Codebar-Barcelona/). Click on the "members" menu tab. Next select the "Customize member roles" option. After that click on "Co-organizer". You will see a list of the current co-organizers, click on the Add member button. Type in the name of the organizer you want to add, and click add.  

## Update your Slack profile

- Update your slack profile, in the section `What I do` with: Organiser of codebar Barcelona
- Update your status, using the codebar icon

## Codebar Induction

We want new codebar organizers to feel welcome and to have a smooth on-boarding process. In the past, we did not have a formal method of on-boarding a new organizer. This made it frustrating and hard for new organizers to figure out how to contribute.

To fix this, we have been working on documenting every processes so that all organizers can understand each aspect of how we organize events in the codebar Barcelona chapter. We are trying to make the way we work more transparent and collaborative.

Even though we have documentation for many of our processes, we want to make the on-boarding of a new organizer even smoother for that person by walking them through the various aspects of the systems and procedures we have set up.

If possible schedule an in-person meeting with the new organizer and review the following:

- [How to prepare a workshop](https://github.com/codebar/barcelona/blob/master/processes/workshops-preparation/preparing-a-workshop.md)
- [How the host rotation document works](http://bit.ly/2Vambc7)
- [How the codebar Barcelona github repo is organized](https://github.com/codebar/barcelona)
- [How we run the monthly chapter meetings](https://github.com/codebar/barcelona/blob/master/processes/org-monthly-meetings/org-monthly-meetings.md)
